# QuizApp1
UDACITY 7 days challenge

This is and android application built using Android Studio IDE Once the application is launched, the user will be required to enter some personal details, that is his/her name, email address and telephone number. Thereafter, the 5-question quiz commences with a variety of response types ranging from checkboxes, to radiobuttons to free hand answers. Questions with checkbox responses, then there are multiple answers to the question, but if RadioButtons, then there is just one answer since just a single RadioGroup is used. Every right answer scores 1 point, irrespective of whether it was a multiple or single answer question. When the SUBMIT button is hit, if the user has a score less than 3 on 5, a Toast is made on the score. If the score is equal to 3 or above, then a Toast is made with a congratulations card appears, with a long toast on the score of the user. If the score is less than 3, a "try again " card appears, and a text view containing the text "Sorry, you did not pass the quiz. please try again". Upon click on the submit button, no matter the score, two buttons are set visible: "see correction" and "detailed results". The former displays in a long toast the full correction of the quiz, while the latter gives the details of the user's results, indication which question qwas correct and incorrect. Also, a switch button that was originally "invisible" is made "visible". If the switch is turned on, then the app collects the personal details collected at the begining and sends a mail to the email address collected in the personal details. The mail contains the grading of the user, the total score of the user and the full correction of the quiz.

The link to the apk of this app is as follows:https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oEpTxq7eUe28_emLPvBa84GbxY1EUrIP

